README.md, before:

## Open Journals Database

This project aims to combine databases with journal metrics and to let users explore them.

## Used databases

| Database                   | Reference                                                                                                                                                          |
|---------------|--------------------------------------------------------|
| SCImago Journal data       | SCImago, (n.d.). SJR --- SCImago Journal & Country Rank [Portal]. Retrieved Date you Retrieve, from [http://www.scimagojr.com](http://www.scimagojr.com/)          |
| Retractionwatch Database   | <https://gitlab.com/crossref/retraction-watch-data/-/blob/main/retraction_watch.csv?ref_type=heads>                                                                |
| FORRT Replication Database | Röseler L, Wallrich L, Hartmann H, Azevedo F (2024). *FReD: Interfaces to the FORRT Replication Database*. R package version 0.0.0.9001, <http://forrt.org/FReD/>. |
| COS TOP Factors            |                                                                                                                                                                    |
| The Nordic List            |                                                                                                                                                                    |
| I4Replications             |                                                                                                                                                                    |

Commit message:

Added download link to Hijacked Journals Checker, added journalpolicies to list

README.md, after:

## Open Journals Database

This project aims to combine databases with journal metrics and important info and to let users explore them.

## Used databases

| Database                                 | Reference                                                                                                                                                          |
|-----------------|-------------------------------------------------------|
| SCImago Journal data                     | SCImago, (n.d.). SJR --- SCImago Journal & Country Rank [Portal]. Retrieved Date you Retrieve, from [http://www.scimagojr.com](http://www.scimagojr.com/)          |
| Retractionwatch Retraction Database      | <https://gitlab.com/crossref/retraction-watch-data/-/blob/main/retraction_watch.csv?ref_type=heads>                                                                |
| FORRT Replication Database               | Röseler L, Wallrich L, Hartmann H, Azevedo F (2024). *FReD: Interfaces to the FORRT Replication Database*. R package version 0.0.0.9001, <http://forrt.org/FReD/>. |
| Retractionwatch Hijacked Journal Checker | <https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1ak985WGOgGbJRJbZFanoktAN_UFeExpE/edit?gid=5255084#gid=5255084>                                                            |
| COS TOP Factors                          |                                                                                                                                                                    |
| The Nordic List                          |                                                                                                                                                                    |
| I4Replications                           |                                                                                                                                                                    |
| Open Policy Finder                       | <https://openpolicyfinder.jisc.ac.uk>                                                                                                                              |
